Document Route wrapper for typescript (#465)
preactjs/preact-router: README.md

If there is an error rendering the destination route, a 404 will be displayed.

#### Caveats

> Because the `path` and `default` props are used by the router, it's better to avoid
> same props in your components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the `path` and `default` props are used by the router, it's best to avoid using those props for your component(s) as they will conflict.
```

render(<App />, document.body);
```

> ### Typescript Routes
> 
> In some cases, depending on your TypeScript configuration, you may encounter
> an error that prevents you from passing the `path` or `default` props to your components:
> 
> ```tsx
> error TS2322: Type '{ path: string; myProps: MyProps }' is not assignable to type 'IntrinsicAttributes & MyProps'.
>   Property 'path' does not exist on type 'IntrinsicAttributes & MyProps'.
> 
>       <MyComponent path="/component"
>                          ~~~~
> ```
> 
> In such cases, you can wrap your components in `<Route />`. This will also accept your component's
> props. Keep in mind that both `path` and `default` props are passed down to your component.
> 
> ```tsx
> import {Router, Route} from 'preact-router';
> 
> function App() {
>   let users = getUsers();
> 
>   return (
>     <Router>
>       <Route component={Home} path="/" />
>       {/* Route will accept any props of `component` type */}
>       <Route component={Users} users={users} path="/users"  />
>     </Router>
>   );
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `Route` Component

Alternatively to adding the router props (`path`, `default`) directly to your component, you may want to use the `Route` component we provide instead. This tends to appease TypeScript, while still passing down the routing props into your component for use.

```js
import { Router, Route } from 'preact-router';

function App() {
  let users = getUsers();

  return (
    <Router>
      <Route path="/" component={Home} />
      {/* Route will accept any props of `component` type */}
      <Route path="/users" component={Users} users={users}   />
    </Router>
  );
}
```
